welcome to the Bushwood Country Club the
memberships exclusive you think I'd join
his crummy Slavitt or iam the help is
outrageous what the madness is
contagious bad language fooling around
on the course poor caddying for this
whole place Caddyshack
starring jebby chase as ty Webb who is
that disgusting man a sportsman who
really knows how to score so what brings
you to this nape of the woods Mack the
wave how come you're here Rodney
Dangerfield as al servant a big shot my
dick is bigger with an even bigger mouth
hey somebody stepped on a duck at night
as judge snails I'm a man of dignity and
a sense of fair play I've sent his boys
younger the news of the gas chamber
Michael O'Keefe as Danny Noonan a caddie
who wants an education and gets one you
take drugs Danny and every day Cindy
Morgan has Lacey under all she's got a
bad reputation and she's working hard to
keep it I'm gonna tie me up with some of
your ties and Bill Murray as Carl
Spackler
just a harmless school a lot of plastic
explosive anything guys are you worried
about he's not crazy about Gophers yeah
but he is crazy license to kill Gophers
by the government of the United Nations
and introducing mr. gopher as himself I
said freeze gopher Caddyshack it's all
about swinging kiss me you fool but not
on the course
hey you're one of my $14 the hard way
playing a good game catch oh he got all
that word and talking a better one
hey I should have stayed home and played
with myself taking shots that was a bum
shop and making time I couldn't possibly
think less of each other
controlling your drives Wow and losing
your grip it is you Out Boy the man's a
menace Caddyshack the comedy with